and service and recording so recording
is done awesome
no yes UMI's just like doing its things
should be
yeah like screaming awesome thank you
very much and welcome everyone to the
ipfs weekly call this is a call where we
get the chance to see whatever
everyone's doing in the ipfs community
and today we are going to hear from jela
dye and jela dye has worked on ipfs wiki
he has created the ipfs meetup for
chinese developers and I believe he's
also created ipfs geo and so he will
tell us all about like the ipfs
community and China but before we begin
with that presentation I would just like
to give everyone a public service
announcement that on May 27th we're
going to have lightning talks so instead
of having one speaker and a Q&A session
we will have many people and it will
have a chance of five minutes to talk
about their projects and talk about
their research and you'll get to sign up
five five minutes before to call that's
May 27th and those are all of the
announcements so without further ado
and again no one thank you for thank you
for presenting so and let us begin
yay thank you thanks be in quotation for
of Burton's and the mayor start yes
Timmy sorry
hey and we're sorry for the time to
accept people and the lease presentation
was delayed to today it's we're glad to
meet you and it's very lucky for me to
share about some chopped scare first of
all I prepared a sliders for you and I
open it
firstly let me introduce myself my
Chinese name what my Chinese name is
Jared I I was a software engineer in
Baidu ins and the real possibility for
the back and the research and the
development of the by Jeannette
productor I left by two last year and
now I folks the own fun tech and age
computing technology solutions for
business and we can learn from each
other's laters here is my contact
informations then let me tell you how
it's my life with ipfs this was due to
the welcome I see you at colonist in
2017 which was the time blessed most of
Chinese induce a stick got you know
front of lives and so do i athlet i pen
to star the others
prototypes projects such as idealists
the p2p and multi formats the more I
study the more I fail those technologies
potential is powerful so at one Ted
the advantage - dad's contained a
jazzing simplify network production and
the self-described data form its
conventions can be combined the rail
with some other technologies so I spent
my spare time to keep study and made
some demo with prototypes technologies
also write articles and organized some
meetups for demo days such as demo days
in China to brint
for more and more Chinese developers my
story blamed the goal of prototypes and
I can't wait to see what was going to
happen where the centralized web sports
was built thanks to the bleep we can
have a chance to come in communicate
here now as soon you know we are from
different country and different groups
it's a amazing kind of teamwork that I
have I haven't experienced ever before
so it's very lucky for me that others
had come to my life perhaps the greatest
interest for everyone it's the idea of
developer meetups I hope in China last
year's let me highlight them I hope the
first ipfs developers meetups in April
2018 in Beijing and the first idea of
the MS app it's served all those diverse
developers who want to study IP address
and get free these questions about it
between each other so we control the
number on under 15 and in order to keep
a good communication space and we chose
our coffee shops to make everyone reacts
and fair at home we had a three main
topic talk twice how to use in Europe to
build
IPS gateways and talk to its what's the
reference about IPS for Ont technology
Brooke champ
topic 3 is if ideas can enter Chinese
idiom market the first meetup was over
10 attendees are all you have developers
from different technologies company I
hope the second which ups our month
leaders at the camper in Beijing there
are more than 15 attendees list and
include investor students minors and the
business mates because of the
professional nature of this speech topic
more than half of them are developers
source of the words and in years we hold
four main topics one is how to use
encryption technologies to protect your
data in IBM's network second its arch
architectures of Epirus and the top
three is why us also needed and
decentralized storage network like ideas
the topic for force it's to get waste
based on service worker desert was held
at a business in Cuba at at co air in
Beijing in August there last year's this
time we had more than 100 people the
topic with the topic whites
if I pass can combining with solid so it
means so Sarah links data technology
which can help people protect protect
your data in new ways it was created by
Kimberly the top - it's what's the
Liberty League p2p and how it works
the topics rate was what's the fair
comes and what it beautiful there are
more than 100
attendees list times more than half of
the miners cost of the topic of fair
town barrio but it also attracts some
famous technologies companies start such
as a leak out he Commission's Seagate
there are still some developers are came
for solid and liquid in shot if you are
interested to meet ups the record of the
detail of our meetups and the auto
topics can be revealed by clinks on the
web links in the slide
salute least three developers meetups I
can clear see the numbers of Chinese
developers who words has increased
quickly and it's in directories promote
the contributions of many Chinese
developers for the code commits and
applications designed in the open-source
communicates
later in the past as far as I know
besides miss Manning juice active in
Chinese has made many contributions to
prototype communication in different
ways lime sieves light is mainly
concentrate in three sections
communicate core organization it's the
earliest and most invoked most of the
juice astok miners
investors and developers gather here as
for education sections is promised by
professional and technology teachers and
brokers as for open source section it
was promised by technologists companies
and the independence developers
to the unkown willing to work by it up
so the this section is it's the slowest
and the least number of people but on
the other hand I think is that could
start the work of communicated
colonization's got rapid growth last
years it's all thanks to teeny don't
stores pitched all China after that more
and more communicated the colonization
come out at different cities you can see
here instead
Beijing Hangzhou Shanghai and Hong Kong
chandu and so more and more communicates
based on the cities or come out or
China's
as for education sermons aspect
today there are thousands of IPs Brooks
made by hundreds of Chinese progress
over the Chinese mainly to work medias
like switch at Baidu and stay s TM the
first meetup of proto screw in China was
held in Shanghai in factory this year's
start groups have been set up for
welcome by IPS force communicate and LD
research the most worth mentioning that
address workshop 101
was firstly launched at Hong Kong
fartist University thanks to Kevin
our old friend in IPS communicate
you
open source contributions aspect in the
past few months there have been a lot of
code commit contributions from Chinese
independence developers and knowledge
companies you can see here on get up
it's fantastic you can see it's in many
projects such as service workers
gateways NGO activist Covell comes
goalie people here of course besides
code committed there are also many
Chinese dear parents who use ideas to
design solutions and the development sub
solutions here are some of my projects I
have done IP last week I kept empty wiki
it's a distributed week assistance with
IPS and mocked up we can see
because we can use markdown shoe quickly
added content and generous webpage data
in the form of weakest publish them to
IBM's network and the base own based on
the future of Edessa
Network wiki's can be free very addict
and pin store storage and shared the
second project project
it's a end-to-end encryption network
boss with leap p2p I call it mate
it can encrypt the large face through
the client and get high speed chess
chess transfer from P to piece
architectures
you
and the second dessert project
it's the angel a donations platform with
activist and the US we can see all
donations are subject to u.s. contracts
transactions centralized it's generated
with a picture storage on ipfs after
that I've ever said the content is
writing into the contracts for two ways
brandings it's helped to improve the
checking of each donations next there
are some my advice about either less or
fair county workman in china just now we
talked about some chinese contributions
to prototypes and the IPS community but
all these three sections of
contributions works requires a lot of
manpower and the financial resource only
right under the interest of in divided
individuals fence it can be difficult to
last or keep moving that's why there are
so many gurus that's why there are so
many groups of miner to set up companies
for mining in Chinese because it's a
clear business mode they can run and
they can keep their company alive
although some of those companies have
caused the bad scams and a bad case
there are still some reliably playable
developers community events or good
miners in Chinese of course as time goes
on with the spread of proto scores work
end of it officials launcher of fail
comes I believe many Chinese will know
more about prototypes technologies in
the right way and use it for the red
things the better case in China will
become few and few the most important
things I think to imp or ideas or
velcome
development in Chinese the key if we can
find out more benefit business mark for
lost track
companies or juice st here a sum of
business model that I think we can try
education of training campers
knowledgeable payment and certificate of
skills are well done business modes
which its familiar to everyone but it is
necessary for the prototypes to take the
lead in setting standards just like some
crowd skills certifications of AWS I
think this developments can be carry out
by proto school in the future in this
wasted there will be many for time
developers in China who enjoy they can
rely on training and help more people to
obtain to get certificate certificate to
earn incomes and ensure some
contributions to the communication while
living and the hexan with prototypes
technology in China is also a good ways
not only in the can help to let you
discovered and suppose great Chinese
teams those who can use prototypes
technology to create extend application
also it's a new business mode we can and
find out together
we all know the great business mode
can't be fall from the sky
it needs more active communications to
find out for each others so I think more
of each of fishers communicating event
is needed in Chinese or in China so
let's all thank you
do you or ideas communicates have any
others questions about me or what I have
done
is there some suggestion for me or some
messages to commerce for Chinese
communicates you can also ask me now
before we go in into questions I would
like to thank you very much for this
wonderful presentation do you mind if
you stop sharing your screen okay so
that I know my okay yeah that we can see
everyone before we go into questions
thank you so much for such a wonderful
well-done and comprehensive presentation
thank you all thank you for telling us
like the contributions of that the
Chinese community are making to the
project how they're building on top of
it and how community is growing um once
again I really like this presentation
and at this point yes we can go to Q&A
is anyone have any questions or comments
okay first question where the slides I
will put the slides in the notes
do we have any other questions I have
one uh what let's say you have a new
member who attends to meet up what are
some of the most common misconceptions
newcomers have about ipfs there are all
comes sentries on Falcone and how I've
ever skinned decentralised the web
okay excellent and excellent question
Beatriz asked how can we help more
documentation translations more demos
what does your community in order to
grow
I think proto school is a great start of
this work it helps a lot for Chinese
communicate communications to to to do
more do more translations jobs or
tutorials for Chinese developers but we
need more officials IPS communications
in later
okay so maybe maybe hexon rents or some
some official member maybe some official
members speech it's okay leave species
okay
okay so more of a ipfs presents a more
of a presence in China
do we have any other questions before we
get to the last part yes Jonny crunch
any concerns that the Chinese government
will attempt to restrict access to the
ipfs network yes many Chinese people's
or do I purse constituent a concerned
own only lists list sections for now we
planned were blocked to address networks
was blocked by the great war
you
so we need our solutions
okay thank you any other questions
before any other questions before we
wrap up I suppose what would be a good
solution to actually do combat that
Harlan
so I suppose right now that so you said
the firewall if actually is maybe
restricting the access and mostly
probably over the communication ports
that's 4001 so there's a way to have
obscurity over the port's actually that
at the fs communicates over so what
would be a good solution to combating
that for now just the IP MSD and I Oh
the sanema jazz was blocked by the Great
War but in the chance actually UDP and
TCP labor's it was not broke now
yeah I said maybe just not using the the
gateway or DNS so really direct
broadcast and would be like shifting the
port numbers to help oh I haven't tried
okay awesome thank you thank you very
much well we'll end the presentation
here however we do have some more
announcement I will once again I will
repeat that um on May 27th we're going
to have lightning talks so I'll ever
even we'll have five minutes to sign up
for what they would like to talk about
and then we'll have lightning talks at
the end of May and Terry has an
announcement as well I do I have two
that are very similar to each other so
there are two events coming up that may
be very interesting to people who hang
out on this call
one is ipfs camp the first-ever which
we're super excited about in Barcelona
Spain from June 27th to 30th and the
final application deadline for that is
this Friday May 17th so we really
encourage people to apply and please
take some time to think through your
application responses because we are
looking really carefully at those to
make sure that everyone's a good fit for
the event and will have a great
experience and then the other event I
wanted to mention is offline camp it's
not specifically about ipfs or about the
distributed web but it is about offline
first and local ways to deal ways to
work around the challenges of low low
bandwidth networks so there's offline
first methodology so this is a tech
retreat it's happening in Oregon in
early August August 2nd to 5th and were
accepting applications for that but
there's a super early bird discount that
expires this Friday so heads up if you
want to save $150 this is a good time to
learn more about Thank You Terry
uh Johnny French do you have an
announcement
yeah there's also the D web camp which
is happening in California the location
is still unknown but it's an hour or
south of San Francisco and it's pond
stirred by the internet archive's that's
coming up in July yeah
so it's must be like this this the
Burning Man for intellectuals
oh well see an ally for next week we
also have office hour calls
so we have the ipfs weekly call every
Monday but if you show up an hour early
and if you want to contribute to ipfs
then we also have a call that's led by
Olli and other community members and
they can help you get started with your
first commit or they can help you just
start it on a commit that you have
already been working on a leave it's
true
and I just drop the link to the issue in
the call it we might be able to give you
better answers if you give me some clue
as to the questions you're gonna ask by
commenting on the issue and I am now in
the habit of opening an issue on the
community repo each week for next week's
call so you can also find out who's
going to be speaking next week I'm not
gonna tell you you have to Shelly issue
excellent thank you
okay that is it everyone thank you very
much for joining us for the IP FF its
weekly calls and we will see you next
week
take care bye bye